What? You say that Rongfei's heart is lacking?
What’s happening?
Yesterday, yesterday
My sister was afraid I’d steal her spotlight if I became a Xiunu
So she pushed me into the lake
If it weren’t for our family’s servants arriving in time
I wouldn't have been able to see Your Majesty
You say Wufei pushed you into the water?
Yes, Your Majesty, I didn’t expect it either
My sister turned out to be so cruel
Where's the imperial physician? Why hasn’t the physician arrived yet?
Your Majesty, this is the fastest I could get here
Enough talk, hurry and check on Rongfei’s condition
If anything happens to her
I’ll have the entire Taiyuan buried with her! Alright, alright!
Did Your Ladyship fall into the water yesterday?
It’s clear she caught a cold
The emotional shock was too much for her body, which caused her to faint
As I thought
When I arrived, Rongfei said she fell into the water
I was puzzled, now I see it was your doing
Your Majesty, please let me explain
I’m the victim here
How dare you!
If your heart weren’t filled with malice
If you hadn’t pushed her to the brink
Why would she have lashed out at you?
Clearly, you’re the one with a venomous heart
Your Majesty, please let me explain, I...
Plotting and slandering
Such actions cannot be tolerated before the emperor. Guards!
No, Your Majesty, I'm being wronged!
Listen to my explanation!
Take her away and give her twenty heavy strokes with the rod!
Your Majesty, listen to my explanation!
Your Majesty, I’m being wronged!
Imperial physician, come quickly!
Ah...
Your Majesty, Rongfei is fine
She’ll wake up soon
Very well, you may leave
Help! Save me!
Ah...
Who's outside?
What’s going on? Who’s laughing so wickedly?